Update tutorial-create-vm-using-go-sdk.md (#111943)
Azure/azure-content: articles/public-multi-access-edge-compute-mec/tutorial-create-vm-using-go-sdk.md

- Add an allowlisted subscription to your Azure account, which allows you to deploy resources in Azure public MEC. If you don't have an active allowed subscription, contact the [Azure public MEC product team](https://aka.ms/azurepublicmec).

### Install Go

> You could download and install the latest version of Go from [here](https://go.dev/doc/install). It will replace the existing Go on your machine. If you want to install multiple Go versions on the same machine, you could refer this [doc](https://go.dev/doc/manage-install).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download and install the latest version of [Go](https://go.dev/doc/install). It will replace the existing Go on your machine. If you want to install multiple Go versions on the same machine, see [Managing Go installations](https://go.dev/doc/manage-install).
```

### Authentication

> You need to get authentication before you using any Azure service. You could either use Azure CLI to sign in or set authentication environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to get authentication before you use any Azure service. You could either use Azure CLI to sign in or set authentication environment variables.
```

> #### Using Azure CLI to Sign In

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Use Azure CLI to sign in
```

> You can use `az login` in the command line to sign in to Azure via your default browser. Detailed instructions can be found in [Sign in with Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/authenticate-azure-cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `az login` in the command line to sign in to Azure via your default browser. Detailed instructions can be found in [Sign in with Azure CLI](/cli/azure/authenticate-azure-cli).
```

> You could easily use `az login` in command line to sign in to Azure via your default browser. Detail instructions can be found in [Sign in with Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/authenticate-azure-cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `az login` in the command line to sign in to Azure via your default browser. Detailed instructions can be found in [Sign in with Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/authenticate-azure-cli).
```

> #### Setting Environment Variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Set environment variables
```

> You will need the following values to authenticate to Azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need the following values to authenticate to Azure:
```

-   **Subscription ID**
-   **Client ID**
-   **Client Secret**
-   **Tenant ID**

> These values can be obtained from the portal, here's the instructions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Obtain these values from the portal by following these instructions:
```

- Get Subscription ID

    1.  Login into your Azure account

>     2.  Select Subscriptions in the left sidebar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2.  Select **Subscriptions** in the left sidebar
```

    3.  Select whichever subscription is needed

>     4.  Click on Overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4.  Select **Overview**
```

    5.  Copy the Subscription ID

- Get Client ID / Client Secret / Tenant ID

>     For information on how to get Client ID, Client Secret, and Tenant ID, please refer to [this document](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/howto-create-service-principal-portal)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For information on how to get Client ID, Client Secret, and Tenant ID, see [Create an Azure Active Directory application and service principal that can access resources](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/howto-create-service-principal-portal).
```

>     For information on how to get Client ID, Client Secret, and Tenant ID, see [Create an Azure Active Directory application and service principal that can access resources](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/develop/howto-create-service-principal-portal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For information on how to get Client ID, Client Secret, and Tenant ID, see [Create an Azure Active Directory application and service principal that can access resources](/azure/active-directory/develop/howto-create-service-principal-portal).
```

- Setting Environment Variables

>     After you obtained the values, you need to set the following values as your environment variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After you obtain the values, you need to set the following values as your environment variables:
```

    -   `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`
    -   `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`
    -   `AZURE_TENANT_ID`
    -   `AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID`

    To set the following environment variables on your development system:

>     Windows (Note: Administrator access is required)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Windows** (Administrator access is required)
```

    1.  Open the Control Panel

>     2.  Click System Security, then System

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2.  Select **System Security** > **System**
```

>     3.  Click Advanced system settings on the left

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3.  Select **Advanced system settings** on the left
```

>     4.  Inside the System Properties window, click the `Environment Variables…` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4.  Inside the System Properties window, select the `Environment Variables…` button.
```

>     5.  Click on the property you would like to change, then click the `Edit…` button. If the property name is not listed, then click the `New…` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    5.  Select the property you would like to change, then select **Edit…**. If the property name is not listed, then select **New…**.
```

>     Linux-based OS :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Linux-based OS** :
```

>         export AZURE_CLIENT_ID="__CLIENT_ID__"
>         export AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET="__CLIENT_SECRET__"
>         export AZURE_TENANT_ID="__TENANT_ID__"
>         export AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID="__SUBSCRIPTION_ID__"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```export AZURE_CLIENT_ID="__CLIENT_ID__"
        export AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET="__CLIENT_SECRET__"
        export AZURE_TENANT_ID="__TENANT_ID__"
        export AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID="__SUBSCRIPTION_ID__"````
```

## Install the package

The new SDK uses Go modules for versioning and dependency management.

> Run following command to install the packages for this tutorial under your project folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to install the packages for this tutorial under your project folder:
```

- Add an allowlisted subscription to your Azure account, which allows you to deploy resources in Azure public MEC. If you don't have an active allowed subscription, contact the [Azure public MEC product team](https://aka.ms/azurepublicmec).

> ### Upgrade Go version

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Install Go
```

- Setting Environment Variables

    After you obtained the values, you need to set the following values as your environment variables

    -   `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`
    -   `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`
    -   `AZURE_TENANT_ID`
    -   `AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID`

    To set the following environment variables on your development system:

    Windows (Note: Administrator access is required)

    1.  Open the Control Panel
    2.  Click System Security, then System
    3.  Click Advanced system settings on the left
    4.  Inside the System Properties window, click the `Environment Variables…` button.
    5.  Click on the property you would like to change, then click the `Edit…` button. If the property name is not listed, then click the `New…` button.

    Linux-based OS :

        export AZURE_CLIENT_ID="__CLIENT_ID__"
        export AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET="__CLIENT_SECRET__"
        export AZURE_TENANT_ID="__TENANT_ID__"
        export AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID="__SUBSCRIPTION_ID__"

## Install the package

The new SDK uses Go modules for versioning and dependency management.

> As an example, to install the Azure Compute module, you would run :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run following command to install the packages for this tutorial under your project folder:
```

```sh
go get github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/resourcemanager/compute/armcompute
go get github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/azcore
go get github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/azidentity
```

> ## Create a virtual machine  

Reviewer 2: Refer Python doc to combine all these three part into a main function sample.
